Hi Fernando,

Many thanks for applying to our Software Engineer (Intermediate & Senior) position and for your interest in XXX. We would like to know a bit more about you, and we’d also like you to complete 2 programming exercises.

When you’re done, please zip up your source files and send them to us, and let us know how long it took you. Please don’t share your solution publicly.

Have fun!

About you

Tell us in a few sentences:

What was the last thing you really geeked out about?
If we were to ask your work colleagues to describe you, what would they say?
What type of language do you prefer to write complex algorithms in and why?
Programming exercises

Please complete the two exercises below. Here are the ground rules:

You can choose any programming language (we’d suggest choosing your strongest)
You can use the internet, but please don’t look up or copy an existing solution—we want to see how you work.
This isn’t a race, but please track your time so you can tell us how long it took you
Don’t spend any longer than 90 minutes total
Exercise 1

Write a function that will merge two arrays of sorted integers in a linear fashion. The output should be a sorted array containing all the elements from both input arrays, including any duplicates.

For example, given these two arrays as arguments:

[1,1,3,5], [1,2,3,4]

Your function should return:

[1,1,1,2,3,3,4,5]

Exercise 2
Write a library for generating random PIN codes. You probably know what a PIN code is; it’s a short sequence of numbers, often used as a passcode for bank cards.

Here are the requirements:

The library should export a function that returns a batch of 1,000 PIN codes in random order
Each PIN code in the batch should be unique
Each PIN should be:
4 digits long
Two consecutive digits should not be the same (e.g. 1156 is invalid)
Three consecutive digits should not be incremental (e.g. 1236 is invalid)
The library should have automated tests.
We look forward to receiving your solution.

Kind regards,​

XXXX
Talent Manager, People & Culture


P +64 9 280 3045
